I’m trying to charge since I think I deleted all those other files. I’m going to start right now and record. I’m gonna give you a four of the pages to start with contact so contact general contact. I just the only thing I wanna make sure is that request a quote schedule consultation new project inquiry in Cadillac models all go to the A page that is specified for a requested quote schedule consultation new project like that also to join our team is not going anywhere so that needs to go to basically basically our resource team, I’m sorry our current openings I think so that’s not doing that. I think I gave you something before a few weeks back when we did it and then the partnership inquiries I get it. It’s just as you see it. I don’t know where it goes to, so that just needs to be to be reworked and then custom model quote. It should go directly to model quote because when you have Cadillac model quote, it goes right there. It looks cool. I like it, but the custom model has to go there in the schedule a meeting that should go directly to where the spot link is where they schedule a meeting which we used to have OK so get these sir. You probably just need to reconnect so that’s the contact page let’s go to about the amount page. It should say we generate custom models mouse models probably should say mouse rat in rabbit models for researchers worldwide and the used ones engineered mouse and model generation to genetically engineered mouse rat in rabbit model generation and I think that’s it for that current openings again don’t go anywhere goes nowhere so again you just have to redo that one and why choosing genius again we have 28 years somehow have 25 years I would say again to be consistent change all of these the 26+ years have you had and then testimonials the only thing I don’t see I still don’t see Karla. I looked through at all, carl Rathlin is still not here. He said he added it. Maybe he didn’t save it so the one regarding the ranch should be updated and we went over the current openings so current openings again. It just goes back to this page. It does not go to the page about opening to the mountain genius so you need to change that link.